[MUSIC]
>> Kent C Dodds: So questions?
Yeah?
>> Speaker 2: Is there any reason for
using module exports instead of the ES6
syntax on the webpack config file?
>> Kent C Dodds: Yeah
that's a great question,
it's mostly because I was trying to avoid
throwing too many concepts at you, but
we're actually gonna be talking about
ES6 modules in the course anyways.
So I should have, but
then the other thing is,
if you don't have the Babel,
it's webpack.config.Babel.js,
so if you don't have the Babel bit,
then that will totally break.
And until last night, I was not
planning on adding the Babel bit.
But I added the Babel stuff so
that if people didn't have Node six,
then maybe hopefully they
wouldn't have any problems.
But yeah, so you could totally
use ES6 modules in that file.
>> Speaker 2: And then another one is just
they didn't catch what the reason was for
putting Babel in that
web config file name?
>> Kent C Dodds: Yeah, so
by putting Babel in there webpack says
you want me to transpile this with Babel.
And so it does.
So it transpiles it with
Babel before requiring it,
that way you can use the ES6 modules and
stuff.
And if you're on, one thing in particular
I kept running into was in the course I
do use this destructuring and Node 4 does
not support destructuring, Node 6 does.
So that was kind of the last
thing that I was like okay,
yeah I should probably have
this transpiled just in case.
Yes.
>> Speaker 3: Does it
matter where in the file
name that Babel exists?
>> Kent C Dodds: I am pretty certain
that it does, it needs to be at the end,
yeah last one.
In a way it's a little fortuitous that
people are running into problems because
it illustrates why this
next bit is valuable.
So, oops, so the webpack configuration
object is not the easiest thing in
the world to be perfectly honest, and
it's being worked on, but until it is
even more amazing than it already is.
We have this cool thing
called webpack-validator, and
I think the latest version is 2.2.7.
So you would normally just install that,
but you already have it, so.
And then we're going to require it into
here, here I'm gonna put it up here.
Or webpack-validator,
those require the webpack-validator.
And then all that you do is stick
it inside your export around
your normal object, so
you pass your configuration object
to the webpack-validator function,
and I think I spelled it wrong.
>> Speaker 2: But you were consistent.
>> Kent C Dodds: There we go.
So yeah you could think
of it like this as well.
So you could say config.
>> Kent C Dodds: So you could do it either
way, right now we're just doing it,
wrapping it inline like that.
But what this is going to do for you is
if some of you who are having trouble,
if you do this then you hopefully
will get a useful error message, but
let's say that I had a typo and
I said outputs.
Then I rerun the build and
I'm gonna get a much more friendly
outputs is not allowed where I can go
look up, okay why is outputs not allowed.
It's because I spelled it wrong.
And so the alternative to
webpack-validator is this error
which is much less helpful.
So yeah hopefully that catches some of
the errors that y'all have been seeing.
Does anyone have any questions about that?
>> Speaker 4: Was what was
the dependency again, and package?
>> Kent C Dodds: Webpack-validator.
>> Speaker 5: What version?
2.2.7?
>> Kent C Dodds: Yes.
Yeah, you shouldn't have to actually
add it to your dependencies,
because we're gonna check out
the next branch all together.
We'll blow away all
the changes that you made.
I realize that you're like this
is my baby code, but it's okay.
We'll check out the next branch,
force all that so
we're all on the same
baseline to continue on.
And then, yeah, so
you don't actually need to put anything in
your package JSON,
cuz it'll come later, yeah.
>> Speaker 2: There's a quick
question in chat there on some syntax
>> Speaker 6: Can you repeat that?
>> Kent C Dodds: Yeah, yeah,
so the question is why const
resolve with braces equals require path,
instead of var or let.
So this is kind of a bigger subject
then the purpose of this workshop, but
basically I prefer to use
const because it means that
the binding to that
variable name is immutable.
Not that the variable itself is immutable
but the binding, so that assignment.
Meaning I can't come in here and
say resolve equals bar,
that will be a runtime error or
even like a parsing error.
And so what's nice about that is it
makes your code easier to read and
think about when you're not reassigning
variables all over the place.
And so there are some
situations where let is useful.
I know that some people really like var.
I'm a big fan of Kyle Simpson,
but this is one place where
I just, I really prefer const because I
feel like it makes code easier to read.
There are some places where it's block
scoping, it's kind of annoying and
stuff I guess, but I kind of prefer the
block scoping that you get from lint and
const and I prefer const because
you can't reassign variables.
You have to think about it when you create
a variable that you're gonna reassign,
so good question.
And the reason that it is
with the braces is because
your destructuring resolve out of path.
So alternatively I could say
path equals require path and
then I could say const resolved equals
passed.resolve, but that's no fun.
And so, alternatively, also,
I could say, if it was a typing thing,
if I didn't wanna type any more, then I'd
say resolve equals require path.resolve.
But I like destructuring.
I think it's a really declarative
way to get things out of objects.
So all those things were equivalent.
I just prefer it this way.
And why do I use an arrow
function instead of an object, so
this Alberto knows that
you can actually do this,
and it works just fine,
works just the same.
The difference being in the future, we're
going to actually use an argument that
is passed to us in this arrow function.
It makes having dev test and production
webpack configurations a lot easier.
We'll see that a little bit later.
Good question.
>> Speaker 6: Kent?
>> Kent C Dodds: Yes?
>> Speaker 6: As long as you're on
the syntax, why are you using
the require instead of import?
>> Kent C Dodds: Yeah,
yeah, so it was mostly,
I kind of explained this
a little bit earlier, but
it's mostly because I initially I didn't
wanna throw as many concepts at you.
All of a sudden I'm throwing ES6 modules,
obviously even throwing destructuring
was kind of throwing people for a loop.
But yeah we're gonna be looking at a ES6
modules eventually anyway so,
[SOUND] [LAUGH]